This is the project directory which I've shared with you. This is a half-developed project. The main issue with this is it is like the Supabase database is not even integrating with the front-end and the back-end also. And whenever I try to log in, it is like redirecting. It is like bypassing the Supabase login or it is showing like failed to fetch or failed to log in like that. So we have to fix that. We have to fix the login and sign-up. And whenever the user logins beforehand, like before I added the key and URL, like before it happened, it actually bypassed the entire login and sign-up and it showed logged in successfully, but no data is storing in the Supabase tables. I am sharing the Supabase schema. Like in the database section, the migration.sql contains exact schema of Supabase. So keeping that in mind, please integrate that and make the project successful. And also there is a small change. When the user is logging in, he is directing to... straight to the upload resume and upload JD page. He should firstly land in the landing page, and then from there, he is redirected through buttons or what, and also, there is no profile page here, so we want to create a profile page for user with avatars and animations full of UI magic there. So please create that also and integrate that in the project. And the expectable deliverables from you are expected like a clean, a crystal clear zip file with all the front-end and back-end and database along with the profile page integrated. And the Supabase connection is very much important. The database is not even connecting with the front-end and back-end. I tried everything. There is no Supabase client in the files of back-end, I think, not even like connecting with the database. So please fix that. It is the topmost priority. After that, you build a profile page. The deliverables which are expected from you are a clean, a crystal clear zip file with all the folders packed in and ready to deploy zip file. I need, I repeat, I need ready-to-deploy zip file, okay? So that's what is expected. So if you could fix all these problems for me. By analyzing the codebase, I will download your zip file directly and then run it locally once and then directly deploy on Vercel and render, okay? Fix that ASAP.